fix: update readme; Expo Go not supported yet (#229)
stripe/stripe-react-native: README.md

### Expo

> > **Please note**: Expo is currently supported via [EAS Build](https://docs.expo.io/build/introduction/) and the bare workflow, but usage of this library in the Expo Go app is still in progress.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Please note**: Expo is currently supported via [EAS Build](https://docs.expo.io/build/introduction/) and `expo run:[ios | android]`, but usage of this library in the Expo Go app is still in progress.
```
